What is the primary affiliation of Zhang, Yu?
What is the primary affiliation of the author Kunoth, Angela?
What are the papers written by the person Wei Li?
What are the papers written by the person Raman P. Singh?
Mention the primary affiliation of A. Prakash.
What are the papers written by Qin, S. Feng?
What are the papers written by the person Huan Liu?
What are the papers written by the person Vincent Claveau?
What are the papers written by the person George L.?
What are the publications written by the author J\\u00F6rg Nolte?
Which publications did Simpson, William R. author?
What is the ORCID of the person Tobias K.?
Porat, Ely is primarily affiliated to which institution?
Find the primary affiliation of Edward Dong Bo Cui.
Which papers did the author S. Draghici write?
What are the publications written by the author Ken W.?
What are the publications written by the author Becker, Matthias?
Which publications did Long Z. write?
Which publications did Hamid Ouadi write?
Which publications did A. Clare author?
Which publications did J. Martens write?
What is the webpage of the author Koutschan, Christoph?
What are the papers written by the person Bekmambetova, F.?
What is the webpage of the author Yunfei Chen?
Stefan M. R\u00FCger is primarily affiliated to which institution?
Mention the ORCID of the researcher Jim W..
What is the ORCID of O. Bernardi?
What is the ORCID of the person Juan A. Montiel-Nelson?
What are the papers written by Jalakas, T.?
Which publications did Antonio A. Chaves write?
What is the Wikidata identifier of the author Roberto Bruni?
Which papers did the author Stefano Lonardi write?
Mention the primary affiliation of M. Karlsson.
What is the Wikidata identifier of the author N. Mart\u00EDn?
Mention the ORCID of the researcher Shi-Min Hu.
What is the ORCID of Radan Slav\u00EDk?
What is the ORCID of the author Ziti Jiao?
What are the papers written by Persia, F.?
Mention the Wikidata identifier of the researcher K. M. Anderson.
Which papers did the author Pani, A. Kumar write?
The author Cyril Nicaud is primarily affiliated to which institution?
Find the primary affiliation of Lee, Dong Hoon.
Which publications did Joseph P. Macker author?
Which papers did the author M. Nicoli write?
What is the webpage of H. Yanikomeroglu?
Which publications did Jingwen Xu author?
Which papers did the author George Pangalos write?
What are the papers written by the person G. F. Levy?
What are the papers written by the person S. Lauesen?
Which publications did Yiru Dai author?
List the co-authors of Ellims, M..
Find the paper written by Leung, Wing Tat with Chung, Eric T. that was published in J. Comput. Phys..
Which papers did Nicoletti, Maria do Carmo and Jr., J. Roberto Bertini write together?
Which papers did the author F. Marini write with the author from University Mainz?
What are the papers written by Masahiko H. and Yoshito Hirata together?
What are the venues in which Ghassan Al-Regib published?
What are the papers written by Wesley S. and Kensaku K. together?
List the co-authors of Athanasios Katsamanis.
In ISCAS, which paper written by Shun-Wei Hsu with Wang, W. was published?
In which conferences or journals has Iribarne, Luis published papers?
Mention the co-authors of C. Kumar Sarkar.
List the co-authors of C. Sophie Chang.
Which papers did Laura K. Allen publish in the last four years?
Which papers did Richard B. Wells publish in MILCOM?
What are the papers written by Mar\u00EDa Santamar\u00EDa and M. Trujillo together?
With which other authors has Feng Jiang written papers?
In J. Log. Lang. Inf., which papers did Lambalgen, Michiel van publish?
What publications did Eiji Shamoto publish in Int. J. Autom. Technol.?
Find the papers written by Nicolas Tremblay and St\u00E9phane G. Roux together.
List the venues in which Zuo, Lianrui published.
List the co-authors of Hao-Yu Fang.
Which papers did Yuan-Fang W. and Jake K. Aggarwal write together?
List the papers published by Lorenzo Cantoni in International Conference on Information and Communication Technologies in Tourism.
Which papers did Scheinerman, Edward R. publish in the last 7 years?
What are the publications written by the authors Driss Bouami and El Mostapha Aboulhamid in collaboration?
What are the papers written by Sebastian Faust and Schlosser, Benjamin together?
Which paper written by Xing Li with Ye Y. was published in IM?
What research papers did Xun Liang publish with the author affiliated to Qufu Normal University?
List the papers published by Stefan Brecheisen in the last six years.
What are the papers written by Lumini, Alessandra and Nanni, Loris together?
With which other authors has Yinyan Z. written papers?
With which other authors has the author Weijia Jia written papers?
In WTS, which papers did the author Tobias Kowatsch publish?
In which conferences or journals has Lori Postner published papers?
What are the venues in which Mazni Omar published?
Mention the papers published by Gushev, M. with the author from University Sts. Cyril and Methodius.
Which publications did Annika H. write with the author from University of Waikato?
Which papers did the author Ernst Siepmann publish in the last 5 years?
What publications did Burzlaff, F. publish in GI-Jahrestagung?
List the co-authors of Dai, H..
Which papers did Diyakonova, O. and Filippo C. write together?
List the papers published by Seyyed Mohammadreza Azimi in ISIT.
With which other authors has Stefan Dobrev written papers?
List the venues in which Lederman, G. published.
Find the papers written by Stefano Braghin and Bozzato, L. together.
Which papers did the authors T. Kawamura and Toshihiko Sasama co-write?
Find the papers written by T. Liu and Zitao Liu together.
Find the paper written by Mingyan Wang with Yuansheng Huang that was published in FSKD (3).
Which papers did Li Li publish in ICIC?
Which paper written by Jane Wodlinger with Christina M. Mynhardt was published in Australas. J Comb.?
Which papers did author Harley, James publish and in which year?
What are the papers published by Khaled Salah and in which year?
List the co-authors of Menno L. and where are they affiliated.
What are the titles of the papers that Jesper Jansson published and in which venues?
Mention the other authors with whom Baruch Awerbuch has co-authored papers and where are they affiliated.
List the titles of the papers that L. Qiu published and in which venues.
What are the titles of the papers that the author Rosaria Battarra published in the last 4 years and in which venues?
With which other authors has Joe Maguire co-authored papers in the last two years and where are they affiliated?
In which venues did the author Wang, X. publish papers and what are the titles of these papers?
What are the titles of the papers that Lom\u00E9nie, N. published in the last 8 years and in which venues?
Who are the co-authors of Minoru Kanehisa and where are they affiliated?
Who are the co-authors of Przemyslaw Kazienko in the last 3 years and where are they affiliated?
List the co-authors of Albert Claessen and where are they affiliated.
List the co-authors of Weijia Jia and where are they affiliated.
What are the titles of the papers that Alain Delchambre published and in which venues?
What are the titles of the papers that the author Lei Gao published and in which venues?
In which venues did R. H. Hardin publish papers in the last nine years and what are the titles of these papers?
In which venues did the author Matthias Pilz publish papers and what are the titles of these papers?
In which venues did H. Patricia McKenna publish papers in the last seven years and what are the titles of these papers?
Which publications did Chang-Ying Wang author and in which year?
With which other authors has Giuseppe Lo Re co-authored papers and where are they affiliated?
In which venues did the author Susanna P. publish papers in the last 5 years and what are the titles of these papers?
In which venues did Shigeo Abe publish papers in the last 7 years and what are the titles of these papers?
What are the titles of the papers that Albelwi, S. published in the last 4 years and in which venues?
List the venues in which Li, Zijian published papers and the titles of these papers.
Mention the other authors with whom Sebastian Meixner has co-authored papers in the last 3 years and where are they affiliated.
Who are the co-authors of X. Chen in the last 7 years and where are they affiliated?
Mention the papers published by Carlier, J. and in which year.
List the co-authors of Carlos H. Gonzalez in the last 8 years and where are they affiliated.
Mention the other authors with whom Jinn-Shyan Wang has co-authored papers in the last six years and where are they affiliated.
Mention the other authors with whom Maruyama, Takumi has co-authored papers in the last 3 years and where are they affiliated.
List the co-authors of Yujia Li and where are they affiliated.
What are the titles of the papers that the author Yongqiang Wang published and in which venues?
List the venues in which Y. Hirayama published papers and the titles of these papers.
List the venues in which Guliciuc, Viorel published papers and the titles of these papers.
What are the titles of the papers that the author Franco Barbanera published in the last eight years and in which venues?
Who are the co-authors of Xinbing Wang and where are they affiliated?
Mention the other authors with whom Ren, Yifan has co-authored papers and where are they affiliated.
What are the titles of the papers that M. Liu published in the last 9 years and in which venues?
List the venues in which Pablo Torres-Ferrera published papers in the last 8 years and the titles of these papers.
In which venues did Jin-Kao Hao publish papers and what are the titles of these papers?
Which papers did author Daniel J. Costello Jr. publish and in which year?
Which papers did author Kebin J. publish and in which year?
List the co-authors of Kun Gao and where are they affiliated.
What are the titles of the papers that Yongmin Park published in the last four years and in which venues?
List the co-authors of Ping, J. Wenjie in the last three years and where are they affiliated.
In which venues did Takashi Kubota publish papers and what are the titles of these papers?
List the venues in which Christian J. Darken published papers and the titles of these papers.
Mention the other authors with whom Bimal K. Roy has co-authored papers in the last five years and where are they affiliated.
In which venues did Maria Minkoff publish papers and what are the titles of these papers?
Was the paper 'Turing's Three Senses of \Emotional\' co-authored by the authors Diane Proudfoot and Shuanhu W.?
Did Satoshi Kumagai publish the paper 'Domain Analysis and Modeling for Concurrent Engineering in Plant Monitoring and Operations' in the last nine years?
Has M. Yuan published in IEEE Access in the last seven years?
Did Lafond, Jean publish the paper 'Diagonal Rescaling For Neural Networks' in the last nine years?
Has K. Chen published in IEEE Trans. Smart Grid in the last 9 years?
Did Liqing Zhang publish the paper 'Slice Oriented Tensor Decomposition of EEG Data for Feature Extraction in Space, Frequency and Time Domains' in the last two years?
Has Ross, Joe Cheri published the paper 'Coreference Resolution to Support IE from Indian Classical Music Forums' in RANLP?
Did Axel Winkelmann publish the paper 'What is the impact of company specific adjustments on the acceptance and diffusion of logistic standards?'?
Was the paper 'A Conditional \u21131 Regularized MMSE Channel Estimation Technique for IBI Channels' published by the person M. J. Juntti?
Did the author M. Koibuchi publish the paper 'Future Low-Latency Networks for High Performance Computing' in CANDAR?
Did the author Jayanthi Sivaswamy publish the paper 'A method for large diffeomorphic registration via broken geodesics' in CoRR?
Did the author Shuhui B. publish the paper 'Spectral Classification of 3D Articulated Shapes' in International Conference on Multimedia Modelling?
Have Daniel Conte de Leon and Jim Alves-Foss co-authored the paper 'Analysis of Web Browser Security Configuration Options'?
Was the paper 'Cross-abstraction Functional Verification and Performance Analysis of Chip Multiprocessor Designs' co-authored by Sherif Abdelwahed and S. Pasricha?
Did the author Dargie, W. publish the paper 'Application of SVD for Removing Motion Artifacts from the Measurements of a Wireless Electrocardiogram' in the last nine years?
Did Andre Scedrov publish in Bull. EATCS in the last seven years?
Has Frank, A. published in ArgMining@ACL in the last 7 years?
Did Tanev, I. T. publish in Artif. Life Robotics in the last 4 years?
Have Emmanuel Cordisco and Prigent, Catherine co-authored the paper 'Sensitivity of satellite observations to snow characteristics'?
Does Antal, M. have an ORCID?
Has Seinturier, Lionel published the paper 'Monitoring energy hotspots in software - Energy profiling of software code' in Autom. Softw. Eng.?
Was the paper 'A Preliminary Study on Accessibility of Augmented Reality Features in Mobile Apps' published by Mario Linares-V\u00E1squez in SANER?
Does the author Bannaeian, H. Rahbari have an ORCID?
Have \u00C7akmak, H\u00FCseyin and R\u00E9mi Ronfard co-authored the paper 'Beyond basic emotions: expressive virtual actors with social attitudes'?
Did K. Zhao publish the paper 'Global-view based Task Migration for Deep Learning Processor' in the last 5 years?
Did the authors Zeyuan Song and Kai Li co-author the paper 'Understanding the Emergence of Collaborative Problem-Solving Practices in Enterprise Social Media: The Roles of Social Factors'?
Did the author A. Scaife publish the paper 'Square Kilometre Array : Processing Voluminous MeerKAT Data on IRIS' in the last 9 years?
Did the authors Tam\u00E1s Fleiner and Katar\u00EDna Cechl\u00E1rov\u00E1 co-author the paper 'Pareto optimal matchings with lower quotas'?
Did Tareq Alhmiedat publish the paper 'Cache Discovery Policies of MANET' in the last nine years?
Did Rinat Khatipov publish the paper 'Hikester - The Event Management Application' in the last 7 years?
Does the person named D. Wang have an ORCID?
Does the author Ivan T. have an ORCID?
Was the paper 'The Unpromising Quality and Evolution of Spanish Public Hospital Websites' co-authored by the authors Garc\u00EDa-Lacalle, Javier and Sonia Royo?
Was the paper 'On the definition of a theoretical concept of an operating system' co-authored by the authors Jan A. Bergstra and K. Middelburg?
Did the author Zhao, Jun publish the paper 'Quarantine Fatigue: first-ever decrease in social distancing measures after the COVID-19 outbreak before reopening United States' in the last 5 years?
Did Chen, H. publish the paper 'Verifying the Proximity and Size Hypothesis for Self-Organizing Maps'?
Has Zolt\u00E1n F. published the paper 'A projective plane is an outstanding 2-cover' in Discret. Math.?
Did the author Kazuyuki Mizuhara publish the paper 'A Model for Relations between Needle Deflection, Force, and Thickness on Needle Penetration' in MICCAI?
Was the paper 'Contracting Intuitionistic Theories' co-authored by the authors Neil Tennant and Romulo Cerqueira?
Did the author Verleger, Matthew publish the paper 'Work in progress - Using multiple methods to investigate the role of feedback in open-ended activities' in the last three years?
Has R\u00E9gine Le Bouquin-Jeann\u00E8s published in ICASSP in the last 6 years?
Has the author Andreas Mitschele-Thiel published in NOMS in the last 5 years?
Did the author Hai Zhou publish in IEEE/ACM International Conference on Computer-Aided Design in the last six years?
Did J. Horwood publish the paper 'Women in Computer Science'?
Does Vijayan Sugumaran have an ORCID?
Did Atieh Mirshahvalad publish the paper 'Improving and Extending SMR Technique for Solving Monotonic Problems' in the last 5 years?
Did the author Donato, Debora publish the paper 'Estimating Number of Citations Using Author Reputation' in SPIRE?
Does the person William M. Tepfenhart have an ORCID?
Did the authors B. Chhabra and Bhawna T. co-author the paper '\Cloud Computing: Towards Risk Assessment\'?
Does the person Takashi Okuda have an ORCID?
Has the author J. Chu not published in International Conference on Software Reuse?
Wasn't the paper 'Evaluating Partial Correctness of Programs in Automated Program Repair' not published by the author Yoshiaki Fukazawa?
Did the author Hui-Yu Huang not publish the paper 'Image Deblurring Using Fast Best Kernel Retrieval'?
Was the paper 'Variance Stabilizing Regression Ensembles for Environmental Models' not published by M. Studley in IJCNN?
Was the paper 'When Users with Preferences Different from Others Get Inaccurate Recommendations' not co-authored by Boyer, A. and Brun, Armelle?
Have Andreas Uhl and Jutta H\u00E4mmerle-Uhl not co-authored the paper 'Fractal Image Compression on Mimd Architectures I: Basic Algorithms'?
Was the paper 'How Community Feedback Shapes User Behavior' not published by the person Jure Leskovec?
Have Yi-Nung Chung and Junde L. not co-authored the paper 'Automatic Vehicle Speed Estimation Method for Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Images'?
Wasn't the paper 'Medical students' conceptualisation of health advocacy in an interactive programme' published by the author Ozlem Coskun in Interact. Learn. Environ.?
Have Xiandong Ma and K. Yu not co-authored the paper 'Electromagnetic NDT and condition monitoring - A personal view'?
Wasn't the paper 'Capturing News Stories Once, Retelling a Thousand Ways' not published by the person named Garc\u00EDa, Jos\u00E9 Luis Redondo?
Wasn't the paper 'A Superpixel Boundary Optimization (SBO) Framework Based on Information Measure Function' not published by the author Liu, Guoqi?
Didn't Angela Sucerquia publish the paper 'SisFall: A Fall and Movement Dataset' in Sensors?
Has the paper 'A fixed-dimensional 3D shape representation for matching partially observed objects in street scenes' not been published by Rafi, Umer in ICRA?
Wasn't the paper 'The effect of energy spectrum change on DNA damage in and out of field in 10-MV clinical photon beams' not published by the person named Matthew T. Studenski?
Did Saini, Vaibhav not publish the paper 'Oreo: Scaling Clone Detection Beyond Near-Miss Clones'?
Did Ohad Zohar not publish the paper 'Random Van der Waerden Theorem' in Electron. J. Comb.?
Have Emil B. and Daniel Vasic not co-authored the paper 'Development and Evaluation of Word Embeddings for Morphologically Rich Languages'?
Have Morabito, R. and J. Vin\u00EDcius de Avila Pacheco not co-authored the paper 'Application of network flow models for the cash management of an agribusiness company'?
Has S. Devismes not published in Tech. Sci. Informatiques?
Has Heijster, Seth Van not published in Culture Computing?
Did Martin Sauerhoff not publish in Comput. Complex.?
Was the paper 'A New Method of Computation of Square Roots Without Using Division' not published by the person Sarafyan, D.?
Was the paper 'Formal modelling and verification of interlocking systems featuring sequential release' not published by the person Haxthausen, A. E.?
Did Daniel A. Griffith and Chun, Y. not co-author the paper 'Modeling Positional Uncertainty Acquired Through Street Geocoding'?
Wasn't the paper 'Pixel-based layer segmentation of complex engineering drawings using convolutional neural networks' not published by the author B. Garkuwa?
Did the author Caixia Liu not publish in Appl. Math. Comput.?
Did Brigitte Jaumard not publish the paper 'A deductive approach for solving probabilistic logic problems' in AI&M?
Did Tom Stewart and Matulevicius, Raimundas not co-author the paper 'Editorial'?
Has Wong, Randy Y. M. not published the paper 'Online Disinhibition: Conceptualization, Measurement, and Relation to Aggressive Behaviors'?
Did the authors Abbink, David A. and Mugge, W. not co-author the paper 'Reliance on Haptic Assistance Reflected in Haptic Cue Weighting'?
Was the paper 'Pareto Optimal Multirobot Motion Planning' not co-authored by the authors Guoxiang Zhao and M. Zhu?
Was the paper 'A Distributed Multimedia Component Architecture' not co-authored by the authors Coulson, Geoff and Waddington, Dan G.?
Have N. Guarino and A. Longo not co-authored the paper 'Cloud for Europe: The Experience of a Tenderer'?
Was the paper 'I Know What You Imported Last Summer: A study of security threats in thePython ecosystem' not co-authored by Josiah Wedgwood and Levin, Dave?
Has Ruth M. not published in Simulating Social Complexity?
Was the paper 'Stochastic Variance-Reduced Hamilton Monte Carlo Methods' not co-authored by the authors D. Zou and Pan Xu?
Has M. Po-Hung Lin not published the paper 'On Optimizing Capacitor Array Design for Advanced Node SAR ADC'?
Was the paper 'rlsm: R package for least squares Monte Carlo' not co-authored by Jeremy Y. and Martin Dowd?
Did Qutaibah M. Malluhi not publish the paper 'An application-specific array architecture for feedforward with backpropagation ANNs' in ASAP?
Has Rouchier, J. not published in COMPSAC Workshops?
Didn't Lina Shi publish the paper 'A set-membership approach for visible light positioning with fluctuated RSS measurements' in IPIN (Short Papers/Work-in-Progress Papers)?
Have Zhu, X. and S. Liu not co-authored the paper 'Reachable set estimation for continuous-time impulsive switched nonlinear time-varying systems with delay and disturbance'?
Was the paper 'Creating Sustainable Cyberinfrastructures' not published by D. P. Randall?
Have C. Deng and Fang-Jing W. not co-authored the paper 'A Wireless Human Motion Capturing System for Home Rehabilitation'?
Was the paper 'Collective Opinion Target Extraction in Chinese Microblogs' not co-authored by Xiaojun Wan and Jianguo Xiao?
Did \u00D6zg\u00FCner, \. not publish the paper 'Swarm-Inspired Modeling of a Highway System With Stability Analysis' in IEEE Trans. Intell. Transp. Syst.?
Has the paper 'Linear time-invariant/time-varying equalization of MIMO channels' not been published by Sadok El Asmi in Int. J. Commun. Syst.?
Has Ney, Hermann not published the paper 'Two-Way Neural Machine Translation: A Proof of Concept for Bidirectional Translation Modeling Using a Two-Dimensional Grid'?
Did Seidgar, Hany not publish the paper 'Scheduling multi-skilled manpower with considering teams replacement and site-dependent vehicles routing'?
Wasn't the paper 'BeWell: Sensing Sleep, Physical Activities and Social Interactions to Promote Wellbeing' not not published by the person named Andrew T. Campbell?
Was the paper 'Uncalibrated visual servoing using a biased Newton method for on-line singularity detection and avoidance' not not published by Masoud Shahamiri?
Isn't Jianzhuang L. not affiliated with Chinese University of Hong Kong?
Didn't Rui W. not publish in 2010?
Did the author F. Ghaffari not not publish in 2010?
Didn't Aleksandra B. Rakhmaninova not publish the paper 'An automated stochastic approach to the identification of the protein specificity determinants and functional subfamilies'?
Wasn't the paper 'Programming by Questionnaire: An Effective Way To Use Decision Tables' not not published by the person named Low, David W.?
Has D'Hondt, T. not not published the paper 'KALA: Kernel Aspect language for advanced transactions'?
Has the paper 'METIS: a flexible foundation for the unified management of multimedia assets' not not been published by Utz Westermann?
Have Erik Hemberg and Una-May O'Reilly not not co-authored a paper?
Didn't Schulz, Dirk and Achim K. not co-author a paper?
Is Pinar Yolum not not affiliated with Bogazici University?
Did the authors Assaad Jmal and Naifar, O. not not co-author a paper?
Did the author Apostolos Mavridis not not publish in 2014?
Did the author Tschinkel, Y. not not publish in 2002?
Has the paper 'Experiments in abstract interpretation-based code certification for pervasive systems' not not been published by Manuel V. Hermenegildo?
Was a paper not not co-authored by Dancheng Wei and Min T.?
Has Anna Edberg not not published in 2003?
Was a paper not not co-authored by Dimarogonas, Dimos V. and Christos K. Verginis?
Has Eric A. Wan not not published in 1996?
Has the paper 'DIAMOND a digital analyzer and monitoring device' not not been published by Hughes, J. H.?
Didn't K. Siau and S. Chen not co-author a paper?
Have H\u00E5stad, J. and Mikael Goldmann not not co-authored a paper?
Was a paper not not co-authored by Shree K. Nayar and Hadjidemetriou, E.?
Was a paper not not co-authored by V. Molokanova and Inna H.?
Didn't Shujian Huang and Xianpei Han not co-author a paper?
Have Ben Kovitz and Filippidou, Ioanna not not co-authored a paper?
Didn't Steve Walker and Linda Creanor not co-author a paper?
Was a paper not not co-authored by J\u00FCri Vain and Kari Syst\u00E4?
Doesn't Qiang Huang not work at Beijing Institute of Technology, Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Intelligent Robots and Systems, Beijing, China?
Hasn't William Stafford Noble not published in 2010?
Didn't Hwang, Yujong and S. Lee not co-author a paper?
Didn't Elena T. not publish in 2020?
Has Qinchuan Li not not published the paper 'Structural Shakiness of Nonoverconstrained Translational Parallel Mechanisms With Identical Limbs'?
Has Jau-Liang Chen not not published the paper 'How to Thwart the Mafia Attack'?
Was a paper not not co-authored by Liang, W. and Yonghua Xiong?
Wasn't the paper 'A Routing Algorithm using Graphical Model for 5-stage Shuffle-Exchange Network' not not published by the author Yanggon Kim?
Has the author Marijn Janssen not not published in 2020?
Is Chandrika K. R. not not affiliated with Amrita School of Engineering?
Did the authors Berardi, Stefano and Steffen van Bakel not not co-author a paper?
Was a paper not not co-authored by Kai Br\u00FCnnler and Richard McKinley?
Has the paper 'A novel approach for choosing dynamic community detection algorithms using PROMETHEE II' not not been published by Fatima Zohra Benkaddour?
Has the paper 'A neural mass model for MEG/EEG: : coupling and neuronal dynamics' not not been published by Olivier David?
Hasn't Catalin Citro not published in 2012?
Did the author Rachid E. not not publish in 2018?
Hasn't M. G. Kabuli not published in 1995?
Was the paper 'Scalable Transfer Evolutionary Optimization: Coping with Big Task Instances' not not published by Gupta, Abhishek?
Has Sugimura, P. not not published the paper 'Building a Reproducible Machine Learning Pipeline'?
Wasn't the paper 'Strictness Optimization for Graph Reduction Machines (Why id Might Not Be Strict)' not not published by the author M. Beemster?
Has Alan Kapler not not published the paper 'Evolution of a VFX voxel tool'?
What are the papers that D. Steinschorn and F. H\u00F6fferl published in Eur. J. Oper. Res.?
Yang, Allen Y. and Ma, Y. published which papers in CoRR?
What are the primary affiliations of Takatoshi Jitsuhiro and Jinsong Zhang?
List all the papers that M. Bl\u00E4ser and Katherine Heit published.
List all the papers that E. Pschernig and Uhl, Andreas published in PARCO.
List all the papers that M. Kawanishi published in URAI and Encyclopedia of Database Systems.
Christophe Besse and Xavier A. published which papers?
List all the papers that Bogdan Carbunar and Mizanur Rahman published in CoRR.
What papers did Darren P. Krasny publish in IEEE Trans. Syst. Man Cybern. Part B and IECON?
What are the papers that Francis R. Bach and Karri, Senanayak Sesh Kumar published in Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems?
What are all the primary affiliations of Melih B. and Sennur Ulukus?
What are all the papers that Turnbull, N. and Ranee Wongkongdech published?
What are the papers that Dominique D. and Piessens, F. published in Practical Aspects of Declarative Languages?
List all the papers that George K. published in ICETE (3) and PLoS Comput. Biol..
List all the papers that Ge, Jun published in IEEE Access and SIGIR.
List all the papers that Toshio Higashi and Masato Tanaka published in CISIS.
R. Eric Hostler and Tor G. published which papers?
What are all the papers that Boukrina, O. and Xue, Y. published in BrainLes@MICCAI?
What are all the papers that Peter Uhn\u00E1k and Robert P. published?
List all the papers that A. S. d'Avila Garcez and Cherla, S. published in IEEE International Joint Conference on Neural Networks.
What papers did Bilquise, Ghazala publish in AISI and BIC-TA?
What are all the papers that Korotkyi, I. and Oleksandr Lysenko published?
What papers did Shlomi D. publish in NETYS and International Conference on Multimodal Interaction?
What are all the papers that Mohammed E. and Khaled Al-Ajmi published in CCECE?
What are the primary affiliations of Ovidiu N. and K. Tang?
What publications did the author Akihiro Yamamoto publish in LP and International Conference on Pattern Recognition?
What are the papers that F. Tecchia and A. Piarulli published in AVR?
What papers did Lei Dai publish in CONFENIS and CITS?
List all the papers that Wang, Qian and Honglong Chen published in Comput. Networks.
Kawin Setsompop and Yunsong Liu published which papers in ISBI?
What publications did the author Barbara Zitov\u00E1 publish in Pattern Recognit. Lett. and CoRR?
In British Computer Society Conference on Human-Computer Interaction and CCIS, what papers did Kyle M. Hart publish?
What papers did Qiaoliang Li publish in J. Digit. Inf. Manag. and Electron. Commun. Eur. Assoc. Softw. Sci. Technol.?
List all the papers that X. Xia and Shi, Jinting published in KSII Trans. Internet Inf. Syst..
In J. Comput. and Digit. Signal Process., what papers did Rong Chen publish?
In Inf. Technol. Dev. and ICISDM, what papers did Goyal, A. publish?
Chun-Kuan W. and Chan-Hsiang W. published which papers in IEEE J. Solid State Circuits?
In Autom. and SMAP, what papers did Mark Schutera publish?
In Online Inf. Rev. and Integr. Comput. Aided Eng., what papers did Ming-Chi L. publish?
What are all the papers that Heping Zhang and Jianxin W. published in Ars Comb.?
List all the papers that Joonki P. and Brailean, James C. published in Pattern Recognit..
What are the papers that Stavros A. Zenios and Yang, D. published?
List all the papers that Diego A. Mor\u00E1n R. published in Math. Program. and IEEE Trans. Medical Imaging.
List all the papers that Min Ren and X. Pan published.
Wei D. and Lv, Jiamei have which primary affiliations?
What are all the papers that Varun S. Jog and Anantharam, Venkat published?
List all the papers that Christensen, Mads Gr\u00E6sb\u00F8ll and Richard Heusdens published.
In Int. J. People Oriented Program. and American Medical Informatics Annual Fall Symposium, what papers did Christine Satchell publish?
What are the papers that J. Prada and A. Pickering published in Appl. Math. Comput.?
What are all the papers that Eldridge S. Adams and Stewart I. Schlesinger published in Commun. ACM?
Mention the publication on Cycling humidity that was published by Frisk in IEEE Trans. Reliab..
Who is the author named Robert who published the paper about Disease risk prediction?
Which author named Suryanarayanaprasad published the paper on Action graph?
Which research paper on Distribution algorithms was published by Endika in Connect. Sci.?
Which publication on Model classes was published by the author Venkat in CoRR?
Name the venue in which M\u00E4mmel\u00E4 published the paper about Video interruption.
Which research paper on Automata model was published by Lyu in CoRR?
Martinet published the publication on Recognition performance in which venue?
Which author named A. published the paper on Power point?
Which author published the paper on Game theoretic framework and has the name Udo?
Who is the author named S. who published the paper about Phase noise?
Who is the author named Baoxin who published the paper about Action recognition?
Mention the publication on Antenna design that was published by Kaka in SIU.
In which venue did Judith publish the paper about Si power?
Who is the author named Hou-Tsan who published the paper about Phase plane analysis?
Name the venue in which Michele published the paper about K-12 education.
In which venue did Zhang publish the paper about Dsrc technology?
Which author named Falk published the paper on Text extraction?
Which author named Wen published the paper on Capacity flexibility?
Which author with the name Devadas published the paper about Fault coverage?
Mention the publication on Array recordings that was published by Serrano-Gotarredona in COINS.
Name the author who published the paper on Process regression and has the name John.
Name the venue in which D. published the paper about Sequence spread.
Which publication on Financing constraints was published by the author Yitong in ICCMB?
Ferreira published the paper on Media objects in which venue?
Yalamanchili published the paper on Transaction fusion in which venue?
Which author named Johannes published the paper on Feature visualisation?
Name the author who published the paper on Thresholding functions and has the name Gr\u00E9goire.
Who is the author named Yen-Ping who published the paper about Customer experiences?
Which author named Sharma published the paper on Signal forecasting?
Which publication on Sample test was published by the author Jitkrittum in International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Statistics?
Who is the author named Fawaz who published the paper about Dream jobs?
Find the paper on Device concept that was published by Krauss in DTIS.
E. published the publication on Market concepts in which venue?
In which venue did C. publish the paper about Species level carbon?
Which paper on Internet access was published by Martonosi in International World Wide Web Conference?
In which venue did Zhao-Liang publish the paper about Fraction method?
Which author published the paper on Period adaptation and has the name Monowar?
Kuo-Jung published the paper on Mixture model in which venue?
Mention the publication on Community attribute that was published by Xing in AISS.
Name the author who published the paper on Lidar slam and has the name Ji.
Mention the publication on Model uncertainty that was published by Venkatraman in ICRA.
Franck published the paper on Committee coordination in which venue?
In which venue did G. publish the paper about Recursion theory?
Which author named Hugo published the paper on Ri spectrograms?
Which author published the paper on Partnership dissolution and has the name Cohen?
Which publication on Rule ensembles was published by the author Muruz\u00E1bal in Encyclopedia of Data Warehousing and Mining?
Which author named Thomas published the paper on Concept lattices?
Who is the author named Lee who published the paper about Carrier sensor?
Find the paper on Ahead latency prediction that was published by Anahita in ICS.
How many publications has Langemann, D. published in LSSC?
Calculate the average number of co-authors for papers published by George Tourlakis.
Count the number of co-authors that Muhammad Naeem has.
How many research papers did Rodrigo C. de Lamare and Nick J. S. Stacy write together?
How many papers has Olga M. Petrova published in Comput. Sci. J. Moldova?
Report the average number of publications by Henry Higgins per year.
Report the average number of publications by Younghee Noh per year.
Count the number of co-authors that Yuan, Li-Yan has.
How many papers has Matti P. published?
How many research papers did Keli Hu and En Fan write together?
Count the number of papers that E. Elmroth has published.
How many papers has Jes\u00FAs Morales published in MED?
What is the average number of papers published by Leighton, F. Thomson per year?
Count the number of co-authors that Dante I. Tapia has.
What is the average number of co-authors for research papers published by Ahmed H.?
Mention the number of papers that Conboy, K. has published.
Calculate the average number of papers published by Massicotte, D. per year.
Count the number of co-authors that Edward Szczerbicki has.
In CoRR, how many papers has Anissa Zerga\u00EFnoh-Mokraoui published?
How many papers did Ana Garc\u00EDa Armada and Miguel Calvo write together?
In Microprocess. Microsystems, how many publications has Andrzej P. published?
What is the average number of publications published by Lichao Xu per year?
Count the number of papers that Andrea Westerinen has published in Appl. Ontology.
Report the number of co-authors that Madalina Ciobotaru has.
How many papers has David J. Pr\u00F6mel published in Finance Stochastics?
What is the average number of papers published by Christopher Strohmeier per year?
How many publications has Iglesias, Pablo published in ECCBR Workshops?
Count the number of papers that Franz Wirl has published.
In IEEE Trans. Cybern., how many papers has Elizaveta Yu. Shmalko published?
What is the average number of papers published by H. Sekigawa per year?
What is the average number of co-authors for research papers published by Ling-ge Jiang?
How many research papers has Long Bao Le published?
Count the number of co-authors that Klaus David has.
What is the average number of co-authors for publications published by the author Oliwia Krauze?
How many publications has the author Gisela Menger published?
How many papers has Chai Wah Wu published?
How many co-authors does Alexander S. Kulikov have?
What is the average number of research papers published by the author Ganesh K. Venayagamoorthy per year?
Count the number of papers that Reza Hashemian has published.
Count the number of papers that Romain Couillet has published.
In APMS, how many papers has Yin-Feng Xu published?
How many co-authors does M. Aki have?
Report the average number of publications by J. Luis Mancilla-Aguilar per year.
Count the number of papers that Rajaraman, A. has published in Proc. VLDB Endow..
What is the average number of co-authors for papers published by Hirofumi Notsu?
What is the average number of co-authors for papers published by Xiaodong Li?
Report the count of papers that Jugal K. Kalita has published in IEEE ACM Trans. Comput. Biol. Bioinform..
How many publications has B. Ben Gouissem published in AICCSA?
With how many other authors has Andreas Spillner co-authored papers?
How many papers did Scott W. and Nathan Jacobs write together?
Who is the most common co-author of Arthur Van Camp and how many papers do they have together?
When was the first publication by Guo, Xiaojie published?
Least number of papers were published by R. M. Brouwer in which year?
Report the most frequent co-author of Pedro Albuquerque Santos and how many papers do they have together?
In which year was the last paper by T. J. Carlson published?
Find the year in which Careglio, D. published their first paper.
In which year was the first paper by C. McGinnis published?
In which year was the first paper by Xiao, G. published?
In which venue did Ferruh \u00D6zbudak publish the most papers and how many?
With which author does Peter G. Hibbard has the most papers and how many?
Find the year in which Jiang, W. published their first paper.
In which year did Melanie H. publish the least papers and how many?
In which year did the author Michel De Lara publish the most research papers?
In which year did the author Mehra, P. Singh publish the least research papers?
In which year was the last paper by Yanchao Z. published?
In which year did A. W. Williams publish the most papers?
Most nubmer of papers were published by Hsintien Lin in which year?
Mention the year in which Zhang, J. published the most papers.
Report the venue in which Laxmi N. Bhuyan published the most papers.
In which year did T. Delemazure publish the most publications?
Name the most frequent co-author of Zhang, Y. and how many research papers do they have together?
In which year did Pabla B. Aquino-Mor\u00EDnigo publish their last paper?
In which year did the author Marco A. publish the most research papers?
Who is the most frequent co-author of Cidon, A. and how many publications do they have together?
In which year did the author Emina Soljanin publish the least research papers?
With which author does Manuel V. Hermenegildo has the most papers and how many?
Ragni, Marco published the most publications in which venue?
Report the most frequent co-author of Sergey Burtsev and how many papers do they have together?
Who is the most common co-author of Rul von St\u00FClpnagel and how many papers do they have together?
Report the most frequent co-author of Said, S. Y. and how many papers do they have together?
In which year did Li, W. publish their last paper?
Report the venue in which Chenjun X. published the most papers.
In which year was the last paper by Innamorati, S. published?
In which year did Robert Villa publish their last paper?
Report the venue in which Els Knaeps published the most papers.
Least number of papers were published by E. L. Antworth in which year?
Matthew Berland published the most papers in which venue and how many?
When was the first paper by Pini, Azzurra published?
In which venue did Martins Kokainis publish the most papers and how many?
In which year did Jorge Garc\u00EDa publish the most papers?
In which year did Sayfy, Ali publish the most publications?
Find the year in which Olly Gotel published their first paper.
Find the year in which Gabert, Kasimir published their first paper.
When was the last publication by Ochmanski, E. published?
Who is the most frequent co-author of Partha Bhowmick and how many publications do they have together?
In which venue did Barak A. Pearlmutter publish the most papers and how many?
Report the year in which Jae-Woo Lee published the least papers.
In which year did the author Huasen Wu publish the least publications?
Mention the year in which Fernando Pereira published the most papers.
In which year did Shen, Kai publish the most papers?
'The discovery-learning DSS: allowing for discovery in the decision process' was published in which year?
Where was 'Hierarchical Agent-Based Architecture for Resource Management in Cloud Data Centers' published?
The paper 'Rules of Order for Electronic Group Decision Making - A Formalization Methodology' was published in which year?
Mention the venue in which 'WSC-2009: A Quality of Service-Oriented Web Services Challenge' was published.
When was the paper 'Visual homing using an associative memory' published?
'P2V-RCNN: Point to Voxel Feature Learning for 3D Object Detection From Point Clouds' was published in which venue?
List the authors of the paper 'Rank-Preserving Two-Level Caching for Scalable Search Engines'.
Find the bibtex type of the paper 'Comparing Rule-based, Feature-based and Deep Neural Methods for De-identification of Dutch Medical Records'.
Name the authors of the paper 'Cultivating Interaction Ubiquity at Work'.
Mention the number of authors of the paper 'Optimal Pricing That Coordinates Queues with Customer-Chosen Service Requirements'.
Find the venue in which the paper 'AMISCO: The Austrian German Multi-Sensor Corpus' was published.
Find the number of authors of the paper 'Local POD Plus Galerkin Projection in the Unsteady Lid-Driven Cavity Problem'.
How many authors wrote the paper 'MKL-Tree: A Hierarchical Data Structure for Indexing Multidimensional Data'?
'Uniform Robust Exact Differentiator' was published in which venue?
Who is the author of the paper 'Surface fitting with boundary data'?
Name the authors of the paper 'Investigations of photo-assisted conductive atomic force microscopy on III-nitrides'.
Find the number of authors of the paper 'A Study to Neuron Ensemble of Cognitive Cortex ISI Coding Represent Stimulus'.
'Erratum for \On oriented cliques with respect to push operation\' was written by who?
Mention the number of authors of the paper 'Cryptanalysis of Hash Functions Using Advanced Multiprocessing'.
The paper 'BOSS: Bayesian Optimization over String Spaces' was published in which year?
Who authored the paper 'Robust l2 - l\u221E filtering for polytopic uncertain discrete time-delay systems'?
Who authored the paper 'Estimation of color filter array data from JPEG images for improved demosaicking'?
The paper 'Comparative RNA-seq Analysis in the Unsequenced Axolotl: The Oncogene Burst Highlights Early Gene Expression in the Blastema' was published in which year?
In what year was 'SIF: A Framework for Solidity Code Instrumentation and Analysis' published?
Who wrote the paper 'Low-Power, Resilient Interconnection with Orthogonal Latin Squares'?
How many authors wrote the paper 'A switching approach to event-triggered control'?
The paper 'Positional Determinacy of Infinite Games' was published in which venue?
Mention the year in which 'Sparse Online Learning via Truncated Gradient' was published.
Mention the bibtex type of the paper 'Fault-Tolerant Operation of Three-Phase Cascaded H-Bridge Converters Using an Auxiliary Module'.
What year was 'Selfish Unsplittable Flows: Algorithms for Pure Equilibria' published?
'Robust control of a flexible robot arm using the quadratic d-stability approach' was published in which venue?
When was 'Analysis of Gene Expression Data by the Logic Minimization Approach' published?
Who is the author of the paper 'Adaptive channel estimation in DS-CDMA downlink systems'?
'STORM: Brainstorming collaborative web environment oriented to the educational context' was published in which venue?
When was the paper 'Depth Interpolation via Smooth Surface Segmentation Using Tangent Planes Based on the Superpixels of a Color Image' published?
How many authors does 'The Human Factor' have?
Find the venue in which the paper 'The Prevalence of SAML within the European Union - An Empirical Study' was published.
In what year was 'Model-Driven Software Measurement Framework: A Case Study' published?
The paper 'A SIMD algorithm for the detection of epistatic interactions of any order' has how many authors?
Mention the number of authors of the paper 'Optimal phases for a family of quadriphase CDMA sequences'.
Who wrote the paper 'The implications of method placement on API learnability'?
List the authors of the paper 'Digital Me: Controlling and Making Sense of My Digital Footprint'.
Mention the number of authors of the paper 'Induction and foundation in the theory of hereditarily finite sets'.
Find the bibtex type of the paper 'A Tale of Two Injectors: End-to-End Comparison of IR-Level and Assembly-Level Fault Injection'.
Find the number of authors of the paper 'New frame rate up-conversion based on foreground/background segmentation'.
When was 'Fuzzy hamming distance in a content-based image retrieval system' published?
Who is the author of the paper 'Discussion on: 'Fault Detection and Isolation for State Affine Systems' by H Hammouri, M Kinnaert and H EI Yaagoubi'?
What is the bibtex type of the paper 'Model Reduction for Inverter-Dominated Networked Microgrids with Grid-Forming Inverters'?
What bibtex type of publication is 'Visualizing Parallel Functional Program Runs: Case Studies with the Eden Trace Viewer'?
Name the authors of the paper 'Distortion optimized multiple channel image transmission under delay constraints'.
What are the primary affiliations of the authors of 'Componentizando Processos Legados de Software Visando a Reutiliza\u00E7\u00E3o de Processos'?
Ma, Y. published the paper 'Time sensitivity-based popularity prediction for online promotion on Twitter' in which venue?
List the other publications published by the authors of 'Prediction of Long-Range Dependent Processes for Teletraffic Applications'.
Mention the venue of the paper 'Residuals for Two-Way Contingency Tables, Especially Those Computed forMultiresponces' authored by Mieczyslaw A. Klopotek.
List the ORCIDs of the authors of 'Measuring the performance of a software maintenance department'.
The paper 'SPARTIQULATION: Verbalizing SPARQL Queries' authored by Denny Vrandecic was published in which venue?
Where are the authors of 'Impulse denoising via transform learning' from?
What webpages do the authors of 'A Novel Continuous Blood Pressure Estimation Approach Based on Data Mining Techniques' have?
Monika Tomczuk published the paper 'Mouse Genome Database (MGD): Knowledgebase for mouse-human comparative biology' in which venue?
Which other publications were published by the authors of the paper 'BND*-DDQN: Learn to Steer Autonomously Through Deep Reinforcement Learning'?
What ORCIDs do the authors of 'Spatial and Temporal Downsampling in Event-Based Visual Classification' have?
In which other years have the authors of 'Use of Stratified Cascade Learning to predict hospitalization risk with only socioeconomic factors' published?
Find the venue of the paper 'A Robust Visual Human Detection Approach With UKF-Based Motion Tracking for a Mobile Robot' authored by Mo M. Jamshidi.
Find the years in which the authors of 'Checking the Plausibility of Nutrient Data in Food Datasets Using KNIME and Big Data' published other papers.
The authors of 'Static Analysis for Blinding' published in which other years?
Mention the venues of the other papers published by the authors of 'The teaching of documentation and good programming style in a liberal arts computer science program'.
Mention the venue of the paper 'Segmentation of RoI in Medical Images Using CNN- A Comparative Study' authored by Rajasekaran C..
What ORCIDs do the authors of the paper 'Integrable 1+1 dimensional hierarchies arising from reduction of a non-isospectral problem in 2+1 dimensions' have?
What are the primary affiliations of the authors of the paper 'Multihop backhaul compression for the uplink of cloud radio access networks'?
Which other publications were published by the authors of the paper 'Toward secure energy harvesting cooperative networks'?
In which other years have the authors of 'Network coding and evolutionary theory for performance enhancement in wireless cooperative clusters' published?
In which other years have the authors of 'Enhancing Cognitive Control for Improvement of Inspection Performance: A Study of Construction Safety' published?
In which venues were the other publications published by the authors of 'Scientific Reasoning Ability in Middle Schoolers related to MasterMind Discovery Strategy'?
List the other publications published by the authors of 'MEDiSN: Medical emergency detection in sensor networks'.
The paper 'CLCNet: Deep learning-based Noise Reduction for Hearing Aids using Complex Linear Coding' authored by Tobias Rosenkranz was published in which venue?
Where was the paper 'DPR Measurements of Hail Bearing Columns' authored by Gian Franco Sacco published?
Find the ORCIDs of the authors of 'Match the Script, Adapt if Multilingual: Analyzing the Effect of Multilingual Pretraining on Cross-lingual Transferability'.
Which other publications were published by the authors of 'Managing faculty support: expectations and change in the classroom'?
What ORCIDs do the authors of the paper 'Smart Grids False Data Injection Identification: a Deep Learning Approach' have?
Name the primary affiliations of the authors of 'Intrusion Detection in RBAC-administered Databases'.
List the webpages of authors of 'Adaptive control for the synchronization of multiple robot manipulators with coupling time-delays'.
List the webpages of authors of 'Capturing the Effect of Crosstalk on Delay'.
What are the venues of the other papers published by the authors of 'Fourier-Based 2-D Imaging Algorithm for Circular Synthetic Aperture Radar: Analysis and Application'?
What are the primary affiliations of the authors of the paper 'Computer-assisted bladder cancer grading: \u03B1-shapes for color space decomposition'?
In which venue was the paper 'Social Trust and Reputation in Online Social Networks' authored by Zhuhua C. published?
In which other years have the authors of 'An ant colony optimization algorithm to improve software quality prediction models: Case of class stability' published?
The authors of 'Output Feedback Nonlinear H\u221E-Tracking Control of a Nonminimum-Phase 2-DOF Underactuated Mechanical System' published in which other years?
Mention the venue of the paper 'Deep Learning Formulation of ECGI for Data-Driven Integration of Spatiotemporal Correlations and Imaging Information' authored by Maxime S..
The authors of 'A Scheme for the Automatic Inference of Variable Types' have which webpages?
Find the years in which the authors of 'Dynamic Software Reconfiguration in Software Product Families' published other papers.
Find the venue of the paper 'Adaptive Test Selection for Deep Neural Networks' authored by Yining Y..
List the primary affiliations of the authors of 'Regularizing optical-flow computation using tensor theory and complex analysis'.
What ORCIDs do the authors of 'A Technique for Classifying Uncertain MOD35/MYD35 Pixels Through Meteosat Second Generation-Spinning Enhanced Visible and Infrared Imager Observations' have?
What ORCIDs do the authors of 'Learning from the Cell Life-Cycle: A Self-adaptive Paradigm' have?
What are the primary affiliations of the authors of 'Adaptive Wavelet Filter With Edge Compensation for Remote Sensing Image Denoising'?
The authors of 'Verifying Inevitability of Oscillation in Ring Oscillators Using the Deductive SOS-QE Approach' published research papers in which other years?
Which other papers were written by the authors of 'Computer Semiotics'?
What are the venues of the other papers published by the authors of the publication 'Procedural Arrangement of Furniture for Real-Time Walkthroughs'?
The authors of 'A comparison of frequency-domain equalization techniques in aeronautical telemetry' published in which other years?
List the years in which the authors of 'A mathematical programming method for constructing the shortest interconnection VLSI arrays' published other papers.
Who are the authors of the paper 'Semantic Wikis' and where are they from?
Who are the authors of the paper 'Needmining: Towards Analytical Support for Service Design' and which other papers did they publish?
Who are the authors of the publication 'Free-viewpoint thumbnail for light field compression' and where did they publish other papers?
Find the authors of 'Pure randomness extracted from two poor sources' and the venues of the other papers they published.
Who are the authors of the publication 'Undergraduate mechanical engineering design courses at the University of Johannesburg from an accreditation perspective' and which other papers did they publish?
Where was the paper 'Analysis of the Performance of Extended Kalman Filtering in SLAM Problem' published and in which year?
Where was the paper 'A Process for Framework Construction Based on a Pattern Language' published and in which year?
Who are the authors of the publication 'Optimisation g\u00E9n\u00E9tique et interactive de sites web' and where did they publish other papers?
Who are the authors of 'Experimental Software Engineering Should Concentrate on Software Evolution' and where are they from?
Who are the authors of the paper 'Image-based word recognition in oriental language document images' and which other papers did they publish?
Who are the authors of the paper 'Path Signatures: A Way to Speed Up Recursion in Relational Databases' and which other papers did they publish?
Find the authors of 'Collective Data-Sanitization for Preventing Sensitive Information Inference Attacks in Social Networks' and the venues of the other papers they published.
Find the venue of 'An Equivalent 3D Otsu's Thresholding Method' and the year of publication.
Who are the authors of 'Fault-Hamiltonicity of Cartesian products of directed cycles' and what are the venues of the other papers they published?
Who are the authors of the paper 'A strengthened formulation for the simple plant location problem with order' and which other papers did they publish?
Who are the authors of 'Controllability of fractional damped dynamical systems' and what are the venues of the other papers they published?
Who are the authors of the paper 'Algorithmic Applications of Baur-Strassen's Theorem: Shortest Cycles, Diameter, and Matchings' and which other papers did they publish?
Where was the publication 'Subgraph Isomorphism Building on A Hierarchical Query Graph' published and when?
List the authors of 'SOCP reformulation for the generalized trust region subproblem via a canonical form of two symmetric matrices' and their affiliations.
List the authors of 'Tools of the Trade: A Survey of Technologies in End-User Development Literature' and the venues of the other papers they published.
List the authors of 'Distributed Frequency Synchronization for OFDMA-based wireless mesh networks' and the venues of the other papers they published.
Who are the authors of the paper 'Online Traffic Condition Evaluation Method for Connected Vehicles Based on Multisource Data Fusion' and what other papers did they publish?
Where was the publication 'Adaptive Impedance Control for Robotic Polishing with an Intelligent Digital Compliant Grinder' published and when?
In which venue was the paper 'Assessment of Audio Signal Noise Reduction Based on Psychoacoustic Model' published and when?
List the authors of 'O (n) Scheduling Algorithms for Real-Time Multiprocessor Systems' and the venues of the other papers they published.
Who are the authors of the paper 'Stochastic cost optimization of DNAPL remediation - Method description and sensitivity study' and what are their affiliations?
Find the authors of 'A Quantitative Evaluation of the Feasibility of, and Suitable Hardware Architectures for, an Adaptive, Parallel Finite-Element System' and the venues of the other papers they published.
Find the authors of 'CWE Pattern Identification using Semantical Clustering of Programming Language Keywords' and the other papers they published.
Who are the authors of the paper 'AMSOM: artificial metaplasticity in SOM neural networks - application to MIT-BIH arrhythmias database' and where are they from?
List the authors of 'IPA: Floorplan-Aware SystemC Interconnect Performance Modeling and Generation for HLS-based SoCs' and the other papers they published.
Who are the authors of 'The book review column' and where are they from?
Who are the authors of the publication 'A unique-ID-based matrix strategy for efficient iconic indexing of symbolic pictures' and what are the venues of the other papers they published?
List the authors of 'Research and design of a fuzzy neural expert system' and the other papers they published.
Where was the publication 'Fuzzy Expert System for Stock Portfolio Selection: An Application to Bombay Stock Exchange' published and when?
In which venue was the paper 'Estimation of Star-Shaped Reachable Sets of Nonlinear Control Systems' published and when?
Who are the authors of the publication 'A combined forecast-based virtual machine migration in cloud data centers' and where did they publish other papers?
Who are the authors of the paper 'Teaching a Robot how to Spatially Arrange Objects: Representation and Recognition Issues' and what are the venues of the other papers they published?
Find the authors of 'Performance Comparison between a PID SIMC and a PD Fractional Controller' and the other papers they published.
List the authors of 'How to obtain an equitable optimal fair division' and the other papers they published.
Mention the venue of 'Unified Contrastive Learning in Image-Text-Label Space' and its year of publication.
Who are the authors of the paper 'The Ethics of Unaware Participation in Public Interventions' and which other papers did they publish?
Who are the authors of the paper 'Inertially Assisted Stereo Tracking for an Outdoor Rover' and what other papers did they publish?
Find the authors of 'Nonexistence Theorems on Perfect Lee Codes over Large Alphabets' and the venues of the other papers they published.
Who are the authors of the publication 'Tiled Linear Algebra a System for Parallel Graph Algorithms' and where are they from?
Where was 'Fair Gain Based Dynamic Channel Allocation for Cognitive Radios in Wireless Mesh Networks' published and when?
Who are the authors of the publication 'ITS in Ill-Defined Domains: Toward Hybrid Approaches' and what are the venues of the other papers they published?
Who are the authors of the paper 'The Y programming language' and which other papers did they publish?
List the authors of 'Performance Modeling of Microkernel Thread Schedulers for Shared Memory Multiprocessors' and the other papers they published.
Who are the authors of the publication 'Creativity and Technology in Education: An International Perspective' and which other papers did they publish?
List the authors of 'A Bayesian structural equation model in general pedigree data analysis' and the other papers they published.
Did the authors of the publication 'Quarry: Picking From Examples to Explore Big Data' also publish a publication in Comput. Networks?
Was the paper 'Security analysis and implementation of web-based telemedicine services with a four-tier architecture' published in the year 2008?
Did the authors of the paper 'Fitting marginal accelerated failure time models to clustered survival data with potentially informative cluster size' publish other papers in iThings/GreenCom/CPSCom/SmartData?
Did the authors of 'A Scalable Group Communication Protocol in Heterogeneous Networks' also publish a paper in the venue CoRR?
Did the authors of the paper 'The Multidimensional Hierarchically Integrated Framework (MHIF) for Modeling Complex Engineering Systems' also publish the paper 'A Quantitative and Qualitative Analysis of Schizophrenia Language'?
Did the authors of the paper 'The estimated cost of a search tree on binary words' also publish a publication in Int. J. Math. Math. Sci.?
Did the authors of the paper 'Efficient privacy-preserving dot-product computation for mobile big data' also publish 'Lane Detection for Parking Violation Assessments'?
Did the authors of 'Towards inferring language expertise using eye tracking' also publish a paper in CoRR?
Did the authors of the publication 'Error estimation of practical convolution discrete Gaussian sampling with rejection sampling' also publish the publication 'Intellectual amplification through reflection and didactic change in distributed collaborative learning'?
Is the paper 'Diagonal Constraints in Timed Automata: Forward Analysis of Timed Systems' categorised as bibtex type Inproceedings?
Was the publication 'Energy-optimal velocity profiles for electric city buses' published in the year 2013?
Is Kharkiv Polytechnic Institute, Strategic Management Department, Ukraine the primary affiliation of the authors of 'The Project Management Methodology and Guide Formation's Method'?
Does 'Designing Wearable Device-Based Product and Service Ecosystem' have bibtex type Inproceedings?
Was the publication 'An integrated approach to goal-directed obstacle avoidance under dynamic constraints for dynamic environments' published in the year 2002?
Is 'Learning Software Constraints via Installation Attempts' of bibtex type Inproceedings?
Was the publication 'The Transferable Belief Model and Other Interpretations of Dempster-Shafer's Model' published in the year 2013?
Was the paper 'Designing Least-Cost Nonblocking Broadband Networks' published in the year 1997?
Was the paper 'netnice: nice is not only for CPUs-a simple subnetwork bandwidth management scheme' published in the year 2000?
Does the publication 'A complete study of electroactive polymers for energy scavenging: modelling and experiments' have bibtex type Article?
Did the authors of the paper 'Neural Network and Index Forecasting of the Strategies of Development of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Depending on Their Own Economic Opportunities and Encroachments of the Aggressor States' also publish the paper 'Computational Performance Evaluation of Two Integer Linear Programming Models for the Minimum Common String Partition Problem'?
Was 'All-pass dispersion synthesis using microwave C-sections' published in the year 2014?
Did the authors of the publication 'Minitrack: Collaboration support for Joint Modeling and Simulation' also publish the publication 'Fault Injection Scheme for Embedded Systems at Machine Code Level and Verification'?
Did the authors of 'Energy-Efficient and Delay-Minimizing Charging Method With a Multiple Directional Mobile Charger' also publish a paper in the venue J. Philos. Log.?
Was the publication 'Prox-Regularity of Rank Constraint Sets and Implications for Algorithms' published in 2013?
Did the authors of the paper 'Toward hybrid platform for evolutionary computations of hard discrete problems' publish other papers in CoRR?
Did the authors of 'Optimal Placement and Sizing of Multi-type Facts Devices Using PSO and HSA' also publish a paper in the venue ICPCSEE?
Did the authors of 'Designing a high performance cluster for large-scale SQL-on-hadoop analytics' also publish a publication in SIGIR?
Does 'Bio-Nano-Info Integration for Personalized Medicine' have bibtex type Inproceedings?
Did the authors of 'The Development of Search Engine in China and its Problems Revealed in Net Information Retrieval' also publish 'ORMA: a high-performance MAC protocol for fiber-optic LANs/MANs'?
Was the publication 'A Survey of Robot Tactile Sensing Technology' published in the year 1989?
Is the publication 'A new piecewise-linear stochastic resonance model' classified as bibtex type Inproceedings?
Does the publication 'Device to device communication: A survey' have bibtex type Article?
Did the authors of 'Rate of convergence for a class of RCA estimators' also publish 'Parameterised Complexity of Model Checking and Satisfiability in Propositional Dependence Logic'?
Did the authors of the publication 'Fuzzy Logic Approach for Estimating 85th Percentile Speed based on Road Attribute Data' also publish the publication 'A New Approach to the Method of Lyapunov Functionals and Its Applications'?
Did the authors of the publication 'Book Review: Genetic Programming IV' also publish 'Transformation-Variants Estimation Using Similarity Relative Histogram Grouping Model'?
Was the publication 'Integrating Big Data technologies in a dynamic environment EIAH dedicated to e-learning systems based on cloud infrastructure' published in 2017?
Is the publication 'Understanding and Utilizing the Hierarchy of Abnormal BGP Events' classified as bibtex type Inproceedings?
Did the authors of 'Speak Much, Remember Little: Cryptography in the Bounded Storage Model, Revisited' also publish the paper 'An Independence Measure for Expert Collections Based on Social Media Profiles'?
Did the authors of the publication 'Perspectives on Emergence in Information Systems Research' also publish the paper 'Person re-identification method based on CNN and manually-selected feature fusion'?
Was the publication 'Managing crisis - a live simulation' published in the year 1994?
Did the authors of the publication 'Knowledge Acquisition and Design Using Semantics and Perception: A Case Study for Autonomous Robots' also publish the publication 'Distributed Meetings in Distributed Teams'?
Did the authors of 'NeRF-VAE: A Geometry Aware 3D Scene Generative Model' also publish 'Distributed Algorithms for TDMA Link Scheduling in Sensor Networks'?
Was the paper 'A second generation adaptive autostabilization system for airborne vehicles' published in 1981?
Is 'openHPI - A case-study on the emergence of two learning communities' of bibtex type Inproceedings?
Did the authors of the paper 'Distribution of Road Hazard Warning Messages to Distant Vehicles in Intelligent Transport Systems' also publish the publication 'Design and implementation of a degraded vision landing aid application on a multicore processor architecture for safety-critical application'?
Was 'Push away your privacy: Precise user tracking based on TLS client certificate authentication' published in the year 2017?
Did the authors of the publication 'Spatial Econometric Analysis of Multi-family Housing Prices in Turin: The Heterogeneity of Preferences for Energy Efficiency' publish other papers in Math. Control. Signals Syst.?
Was the publication 'Knowledge Discovery from the structure of Persuasive Communication' published in 2006?
Did the authors of 'A Secure Internet Service for Delivering Documents for the Blind' also publish the paper 'Sequential Homogenization of Reactive Transport in Polydisperse Porous Media'?
Does the publication 'Local word confidence measure using word graph and n-best list' have bibtex type Inproceedings?
Didn't the authors of 'On the Existence and Uniqueness of the Homogeneous Network' publish a publication in Computer Performance and Reliability?
Have the authors of the paper 'Quantification in Data Streams: Initial Results' not published a publication in BRACIS?
Didn't the authors of 'City-wide shared taxis: A simulation study in Berlin' publish the paper 'Multimodal Fake News Detection with Adaptive Unimodal Representation Aggregation'?
Haven't the authors of the publication 'Achieving Far Transfer in an Integrated Cognitive Architecture' published a publication in National Conference of the American Association for Artificial Intelligence?
Haven't the authors of the publication 'Use of eye movements as feedforward training for a synthetic aircraft inspection task' published the paper 'A formal approach to protocol performance testing'?
Wasn't the paper 'Krugle Code Search Architecture' published in the year 2013?
Was the paper 'Datenintegration f\u00FCr vorgegebene DB-Anwendungen in heterogenen Umgebungen' not published in 1991?
Wasn't the publication 'Fuzzy clustering based Gaussian Process Model for large training set and its application in expensive evolutionary optimization' published in 2009?
Have the authors of the paper 'ETA Framework - Enterprise Transformation Assessment' not published the paper 'BOOTSTRAP: Five Years of Assessment Experience'?
Have the authors of the paper 'The relative importance of healthy food labels when shopping for groceries online' not published a publication in CENTERIS/ProjMAN/HCist?
Was the paper 'A new map-based approach to video de-interlacing using Forward-Backward algorithm' not published in 2012?
Did the authors of the publication 'Are You Prepared for Daylight Saving Time 2007?' not publish 'Faster phase only image reconstruction'?
Haven't the authors of the publication 'Academic favoritism at work: insider bias in Turkish national journals' published a publication in Scientometrics?
Did the authors of 'Structuring Broadcast Audio for Information Access' not publish 'Aggregation, Storing, Multidimensional Representation and Processing of COVID-19 Data'?
Did the authors of the publication 'An extended sampling-ensemble Kalman filter approach for partial data inverse elastic problems' not publish 'Objective evaluation of noise reduction performance in TV-systems'?
Did the authors of 'Audio-visual annotation graphs for guiding lens-based scene exploration' not publish a paper in Comput. Graph.?
Wasn't the paper 'Only a Coward hides behind AI? Preferences in Surrogate, Moral Decision-Making' published in the year 2021?
Did the authors of the publication 'Statistical correlation of fractional oscillator response by complex spectral moments and state variable expansion' not publish a paper in Commun. Nonlinear Sci. Numer. Simul.?
Did the authors of 'Joint Node-Link Algorithm for Embedding Virtual Networks with Conciliation Strategy' not publish a paper in GLOBECOM?
Didn't the authors of 'Spectral Reconstruction Using an Iteratively Reweighted Regulated Model from Two Illumination Camera Responses' publish a publication in Sensors?
Did the authors of the publication 'The living memory box: function, form and user centered design' not publish 'Gender, Race, and Nationality in Black Drama, 1950-2006: Mining Differences in Language Use in Authors and their Characters'?
Didn't the authors of the paper 'Foot Detection in Czech Using Pitch Information and HMM' publish 'Construction of an archaeology and cultural heritage oriented GIS in order to document an ancient city: Case study of the archaeological site of Grand (France)'?
Was 'Cognitive Intelligence Assisted Fog-Cloud Architecture for Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD) Prediction' not published in 2020?
Didn't the authors of 'EVAS: a new evolution algorithm solving the assignment problem in analog layout with automatic consideration of matching constraints' publish a publication in ICECS?
Haven't the authors of the publication 'Constraint Programming Languages: Their Specification And Generation by Wm Leler Addison-Wesley, Reading MA, 1988, 202 pages (incl index) (\u00A32495)' published a publication in Robotica?
Didn't the authors of the paper 'Decidability of fairness for context-free languages' publish a paper in Developments in Language Theory?
Didn't the authors of the paper 'ICA-derived cortical responses indexing rapid multi-feature auditory processing in six-month-old infants' publish a paper in NeuroImage?
Have the authors of the paper 'The Effects on Social Support and Work Engagement with Scrum Events' not published the paper 'Design and Development of a Mobile App as a Learning Strategy in Engineering Education'?
Wasn't the publication 'A Case Study in Formal Development of a Fault Tolerant Multi-robotic System' published in 2012?
Wasn't the publication 'Analysis of Optimal High Resolution and Fixed Rate Scalar Quantization' published in 2009?
Did the authors of the publication 'A parallel algorithm to generate a Markov random field image on a SIMD hypercube machine' not publish a paper in Pattern Recognit. Lett.?
Didn't the authors of 'Tracking smooth trajectories in linear hybrid systems' publish a publication in Inf. Comput.?
Was 'A distributed routing algorithm for sensor networks derived from macroscopic models' not published in 2011?
Was the paper 'Unsupervised Change Detection in High Spatial Resolution Optical Imagery Based on Modified Hopfield Neural Network' not published in 2008?
Did the authors of the publication 'Optimization of Electrostatic Force System Based on Newton Interpolation Method' not publish 'Noise induced transitions and topological study of a periodically driven system'?
Wasn't 'Blisstrail: An Agile Project Business Case Study' published in the year 2015?
Haven't the authors of the publication 'Surpassing the theoretical 1-norm phase transition in compressive sensing by tuning the smoothed l0 algorithm' published a publication in ICASSP?
Wasn't 'Socially aware resource allocation for device-to-device communication in downlink OFDMA networks' published in the year 2014?
Did the authors of the publication 'Selling to the BRIC: China - understanding and improving your footprint' not publish 'Antecedents of Sustainable Vocational Education and Training in ICT in Global South Countries'?
Did the authors of the publication 'Deterministic Parallel Programming with Haskell' not publish 'A comparative evaluation of effort estimation methods in the software life cycle'?
Have the authors of the paper 'Pipelining designs with loop-carried dependencies' not published the paper 'Generalized Discriminant Analysis Using a Kernel Approach'?
Did the authors of 'Modeling and Analysis of Radio Frequency Interference Impacts from Geosynchronous SAR on Low Earth Orbit SAR' not publish a paper in IGARSS?
Was the paper 'Running Bag-of-Tasks Applications on Computational Grids: The MyGrid Approach' not published in 2003?
Have the authors of the paper '7 Rules of Attraction' not published the paper 'Finite-time stabilization control of quantum systems'?
Did the authors of the publication 'Clustering Algorithm and Its Application in Data Mining' not publish a paper in Wirel. Pers. Commun.?
Was 'JOTR: Join-Optimistic Triple Reordering Approach for SPARQL Query Optimization on Big RDF Data' not published in 2018?
Wasn't the paper 'Design of efficient multiplierless FIR filters' published in the year 2007?
Was 'Parallel Transport with Pole Ladder: Application to Deformations of Time Series of Images' not published in 2013?
Have the authors of the paper 'Stereo Without Disparity Gradient Smoothing: A Bayesian Sensor Fusion Solution' not published the paper 'Prediction of creaky voice from contextual factors'?
Was 'NVMKV: A Scalable and Lightweight Flash Aware Key-Value Store' not published in 2014?
Did the authors of the publication 'Minimising Longest Edge for Closed Surface Construction from Unorganised 3D Point Sets' not not publish a paper in Eurographics?
Did the authors of 'An Efficient Method for Post Analysis of Patterns' not not publish a paper in Artificial Intelligence and Applications?
Was the paper 'Contextual information in (non-)native speech perception in noise' not not published in the year 2010?
Was the paper 'A Construction Algorithm of Measurement Matrix with Low Coherence for Compressed Sensing' not not published in the year 2016?
Wasn't the paper 'An Algorithm for Linear Programming which Requires O(((m+n)n^2 + (m+n)^15 n)L) Arithmetic Operations' not published in 1987?
Wasn't 'Combining neural network predictions for medical diagnosis' not published in the year 2002?
Was 'Basic measurements for the characterization of ferroelectric devices' not not published in 2005?
Was 'Elimination of vesicular sounds from pulmonary crackle waveforms' not not published in 2008?
Did the authors of the publication 'Modelling and optimization of outpatient appointment scheduling' not not publish a paper in RAIRO Oper. Res.?
Was 'A Preprocessing for Sound Source Separation Using Complex Weighted Sum Circuits' not not published in 2019?
Did the authors of 'Contending sustainability agencements and the future world' not not publish a paper in International Symposium on Technology and Society?
Did the authors of the publication 'Ontology Export Patterns in OWLGrEd Editor' not not publish 'Pricing decisions in a multiechelon supply chain under a bundling strategy'?
Didn't the authors of 'Special Purpose Hardware for Discrete Fourier Transform Implementation' not not publish a publication in Parallel Comput.?
Did the authors of 'An interval algorithm for uncertain dynamic stability analysis' not not publish a paper in Appl. Math. Comput.?
Wasn't 'Eliminating the effects of illumination condition in feature based camera model identification' not published in the year 2018?
Did the authors of the publication 'Designing and observing human-robot interactions for the study of social development and its disorders' not not publish a paper in CIRA?
Was the paper 'An efficient algorithm for estimating the signal-to-interference ratio in TDMA cellular systems' not not published in the year 1998?
Haven't the authors of the publication 'The numerical solution of the integral equation formulation of the Neumann problem' not published the paper 'Survival functions versus conditional aggregation-based survival functions on discrete space'?
Didn't the authors of 'P2PRealm - peer-to-peer network simulator' not not publish the paper 'Improving the Resultant Quality of Kohonen's Self Organizing Map Using Stiffness Factor'?
Didn't the authors of the paper 'The Raspberry Pi Education Mine: For Teaching Engineering and Computer Science Students Concepts Like, Computer Clusters, Parallel Computing, and Distributed Computing' not not publish 'Covering a cubic graph with perfect matchings'?
Have the authors of the paper 'Active power factor correction for rectifier using micro-controller' not not published the paper 'A Novel Design Approach of Boolean Functions with 2-input Universal NAND Gates Using \u00B5-graph Method'?
Was the paper 'Pictorial structure based people detection and pose estimation in videos' not not published in the year 2011?
Did the authors of the publication 'Parameter-Efficient Neural Reranking for Cross-Lingual and Multilingual Retrieval' not not publish a paper in CoRR?
Did the authors of 'A Real-Time Iterative Machine Learning Approach for Temperature Profile Prediction in Additive Manufacturing Processes' not not publish a paper in DSAA?
Did the authors of the publication 'Learning to Mediate Disparities Towards Pragmatic Communication' not not publish 'Field Trial Evaluation of 3D Beamforming in a Multicell Scenario'?
Haven't the authors of the publication 'A Fast Implementation of the Minimum Spanning Tree Method for Phase Unwrapping' not published the paper 'Computation of Interface Aesthetics'?
Haven't the authors of the publication 'Preconditioned symmetric block triangular splitting iteration method for a class of complex symmetric linear systems' not published the paper 'Time-varying and anti-disturbance fault diagnosis for a class of nonlinear systems'?
Haven't the authors of the publication 'Correction of Camera Interior Orientation Elements Based on Multi-Frame Star Map' not published the paper 'A SystemC/TLM Semantics in Promelaand Its Possible Applications'?
Didn't the authors of the paper 'An Adaptive Time-Efficient Technique for Harmonic Estimation of Nonstationary Signals'  not publish a paper in IEEE Trans. Ind. Electron.?
Did the authors of 'Mixing Scripted Interaction with Task-Oriented Language Processing in a Conversational Interface' not not publish a paper in International Conference on Intelligent User Interfaces?
Didn't the authors of 'Electronic mail usage analysis' not not publish a publication in International Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems?
Did the authors of the publication 'Smart city digital twins' not not publish 'On the Use of DesertFD to Generate Custom Architectures for H264 Motion Estimation'?
Did the authors of the publication 'Improving XML Query Performance Using Social Classes' not not publish 'Participation in an online mathematics community: differentiating motivations to add'?
Was 'Image Watermarking Scheme With Unequal Protection Capability Based on Error Correcting Codes' not not published in 2010?
Was 'Burden of Persuasion in Meta-argumentation' not not published in 2022?
Wasn't 'An HCI continuing education curriculum for industry' not published in the year 1989?
Haven't the authors of the publication 'Expert Systems and Sales Strategies' not published a publication in ACM SIGBDP Conference on Trends and Directions in Expert Systems?
Did the authors of 'Determining the Impacts of Social Media on Mood, Time Management and Academic Activities of Students and the Relationship with their Academic Performance' not not publish a paper in CoRR?
Have the authors of the paper 'Integral quadratic constraints for asynchronous sample-and-hold links' not not published the paper 'Entropy-Based High-Accuracy Distributed Faulty Sensor Detection Algorithm in Wireless Sensor Networks'?
Didn't the authors of 'Optimal frequency reuse scheme based on cuckoo search algorithm in Li-Fi fifth-generation bidirectional communication' not not publish the paper 'Learning of view-invariant pattern recognizer with temporal context'?
Wasn't the paper 'Normalized Matting of Interest Region' not published in 2013?
Was the paper 'A Predictive Direction Guided Fast Motion Estimation Algorithm' not not published in the year 2005?
Have the authors of the paper 'Correction to \Planning With Learned Dynamics: Probabilistic Guarantees on Safety and Reachability Via Lipschitz Constants\' not not published a publication in IEEE Robotics Autom. Lett.?
Wasn't 'Learning Adversary Behavior in Security Games: A PAC Model Perspective' not published in the year 2016?
Wasn't 'Complexity in Earthquakes, Tsunamis, and Volcanoes, and Forecast, Introduction to' not published in the year 2009?
Didn't the authors of the paper 'Ontologies for Knowledge Modeling and Creating User Interface in the Framework of Telemedical Portal'  not publish a paper in ECEH?
Didn't the authors of 'Cost-effectiveness of fully implicit moving mesh adaptation: A practical investigation in 1D' not not publish a publication in J. Comput. Phys.?
Did the authors of the publication 'Performance Evaluation of a Fault-Tolerant Switch for Next Generation Computer Networks' not not publish 'Targeting Self-Binding Peptides as a Novel Strategy To Regulate Protein Activity and Function: A Case Study on the Proto-oncogene Tyrosine Protein Kinase c-Src'?
Didn't the authors of the paper 'A Heuristic Load Balancing Scheduling Method for Dedicated Machine Constraint' not not publish 'Efficiently providing secure multimedia conferencing in SEC'?
Was the paper 'Abnormal Event Detection in Wireless Sensor Networks Based on Multiattribute Correlation' not not published in the year 2017?
Who are the authors of the paper 'A 558 nW Crystal Oscillator Using Pulsed Driver for Real-Time Clocks' and the publication 'Architectures for arbitrarily connected synchronization networks'?
In which venues were 'Digitising Cultural Complexity: Representing Rich Cultural Data in a Big Data environment' and 'Robust control of full state tracking of a wheeled mobile robot' published?
How many authors did the publications 'DedupHR: Exploiting Content Locality to Alleviate Read/Write Interference in Deduplication-Based Flash Storage' and 'Unranked Second-Order Anti-Unification' have?
Mention the years in which 'An algorithm for DNA sequence hiding in H264/AVC video' and 'The Information FrameWork' were published.
Mention the years in which 'Bond Graph based Multiphysic Modelling of Anion Exchange Membrane Water Electrolysis Cell' and 'Efficient Context-Aware Lossy Image Compression' were published.
Name the authors of 'The role of colinearity of sensors in target localization using distance measurements' and 'Unsupervised estimation of the human vocal tract length over sentence level utterances'.
Count the number of authors of 'Point Scene Understanding via Disentangled Instance Mesh Reconstruction' and 'RBF Neural Network for Probability Density Function Estimation and Detecting Changes in Multivariate Processes'.
Mention the authors of 'Privacy-Preserving Visual Feature Descriptors through Adversarial Affine Subspace Embedding' and 'Full-duplex link with a unified optical OFDM signal for wired and millimeter-wave wireless accesses based on direct detection'.
Mention the authors of 'KareNao: A Tangible Block-Based Programming Environment' and 'Growthcurver: an R package for obtaining interpretable metrics from microbial growth curves'.
When were the papers 'Binary field multiplication on ARMv8' and 'How Dendrites Affect Online Recognition Memory' published?
Where were 'Computational Thinking Education Using Stickers and Scanners in Elementary School Classes' and 'Smart AD and DA converters' published?
Count the number of authors of 'DeepCaps: Going Deeper With Capsule Networks' and 'A 13-GOPS parallel DSP for high-performance image-processing applications'.
In which years were 'Modeling micro-macro pedestrian counterflow in heterogeneous domains' and 'The Advanced Flexible Processors (AFP)' published?
Who are the authors of 'Nasecode VIII Conference' and 'Tractability of approximation in the weighted Korobov space in the worst-case setting - a complete picture'?
In which venues were 'Topic Maps for Managing Classification Guidance' and 'Computational Predictions for Functional Proteins Working after Cleaved in Apoptotic Pathway' published?
Who are the authors of the paper 'Non-Local Self-Attention Mechanism for Real-Time Context Embedding Deep Shadow Removal Network' and 'Statistical Reasoning of Zero-Inflated Right-Skewed User-Generated Big Data A/B Testing'?
Where were the papers 'Electronic health records for better health in the lower- and middle-income countries: A landscape study' and 'Trust establishment between OAuth 20 resource servers using claims-based authorisation' published?
List the venues in which 'A Genetic Algorithm for Solving the Bandwidth-Constrained Multi-path Problem' and 'Phone transition acoustic modeling: application to speaker independent and spontaneous speech systems' were published.
How many authors did 'Public road transport efficiency: a literature review via the classification scheme' and 'Broad-learning recurrent Hermite neural control for unknown nonlinear systems' have?
When were the publications 'Paper handling task based on three-axis force distribution of robotic fingertips' and 'HeteroQA: Learning towards Question-and-Answering through Multiple Information Sources via Heterogeneous Graph Modeling' published?
When were 'Noncoherent detection of orthogonal modulation combined with Alamouti space-time coding' and 'How to Enjoy Writing Papers: Supporting Literature-Based Inquiry Learning to Reduce Procrastination and Foster Ownership and Positive Emotions' published?
Name the authors of 'Lossless Audio Coding with MPEG-4 Structured Audio' and 'Entrepreneurial Leadership and Organizational Effectiveness: A Comparative Study of Executives and Non-executives'.
Mention the number of authors of 'Framework to Support Scenario Development for Human-Centered Alerting System Evaluation' and 'Intelligent path prediction for vehicular travel'.
In which venues were 'A Stable Approach for Routing Queries in Unstructured P2P Networks' and 'A personalized POI route recommendation system based on heterogeneous tourism data and sequential pattern mining' published?
Who are the authors of 'Corrigendum to \Mobility Management Solutions for 5G: Architecture and Services\ Computer Networks Volume 169 (2020) 107082' and 'Intelligent fault diagnosis under small sample size conditions via Bidirectional InfoMax GAN with unsupervised representation learning'?
Where were the papers 'Effects of socio-economic status on interface metaphor use and computer performance' and 'Mechanism and architecture for the migration of service implementation during traffic peaks' published?
When were the publications 'Improving Image Acquisition: A Fish-Inspired Solution' and 'Open-loop all-digital delay line with on-chip calibration via self-equalizing delays' published?
Mention the number of authors of 'Identit\u00E4tsmanagement f\u00FCr Patienten in medizinischen Forschungsverb\u00FCnden' and 'Manufacturable nanometer designs using standard cells with regular layout'.
Who are the authors of the paper 'A Flexible Software Framework for Real-World Experiments and Temperature-Controlled Testbeds' and the publication 'Line Artefact Quantification in Lung Ultrasound Images of COVID-19 Patients via Non-Convex Regularisation'?
Where were the publications 'Video compression on the base of step-functions' and 'Advanced Function Extended with Tightly-Coupled Multiprocessing' published?
How many authors did the papers 'Rezension \Smart Cities: Big Data, Civic Hackers, and the Quest for a New Utopia\' and 'An Instrument for Remote Kissing and Engineering Measurement of Its Communication Effects Including Modified Turing Test' have?
How many authors did 'On the Convergence of Multiplicative Update Algorithms for Nonnegative Matrix Factorization' and 'A Culture Model for Non-Player Characters' Behaviors in Role-Playing Games' have?
When were the publications 'Descriptive Complexity of Graph Spectra' and 'An Improved Technique for Modeling Fuzzy Time Series' published?
Name the authors of 'Preparation, detection, and analysis: the diagnostic work of IT security incident response' and 'Learning to Discover Curbside Parking Spaces from Vehicle Trajectories'.
In which years were 'Theory Extension in ACL2(r)' and 'Applicative Assertions' published?
Where were the papers 'The Role of Benchmarking in Concerted Actions to Increase Accessibility' and 'Automated Generation of Web Service Stubs Using LTL Satisfiability Solving' published?
In which venues were 'Prerequisites of Autonomous Software Operations in Home UbiHealth Described Formally with Denotational Mathematics' and 'Sequential Matching Model for End-to-end Multi-turn Response Selection' published?
Who are the authors of 'Improved Denoising Diffusion Probabilistic Models' and 'Multivariate Analysis of Freeways Speed and Time Headway Under Mixed Traffic Streams'?
Where were the publications 'Reconstructing neuronal anatomy from whole-brain images' and 'Development of a Near Lossless Image Compression Technique Using Mixed Transforms' published?
When were the publications 'A scalable optimizer for automatically generated manipulator motions' and 'Model predictive control based deep neural network for dynamic manipulation' published?
Who are the authors of the paper 'Adapting a Decision Making Synchronous/Asynchronous Environment to a Distributed Hypermedia Concurrent Engineering System' and the publication 'Information extraction from structured documents using k-testable tree automaton inference'?
Who are the authors of the paper 'Multi-modal Robustness Analysis Against Language and Visual Perturbations' and the publication 'A Dynamic Programming Offloading Algorithm Using Biased Randomization'?
Mention the years in which 'Classifying Response Behaviors in Web-based Surveys' and 'INSIGNIA: A Pan-European trial for the intelligent broadband network architecture' were published.
When were 'Supply based on demand dynamical model' and 'A fuzzy c-medians variant for the generation of fuzzy term sets' published?
In which years were 'BTU: A Host Communication Benchmark' and 'An Object Based Paradigm for Integration of Mobile Hosts into Grid' published?
Mention the years in which 'Nachrichten' and 'CSHARP: Coherence and SHaring Aware Cache Replacement Policies for Parallel Applications' were published.
Mention the years in which 'Supporting reasoning and communication for intelligence officers' and 'Using Inverse lambda and Generalization to Translate English to Formal Languages' were published.
Mention the authors of 'Whitespace evaluation software (WEST) and its applications to whitespace in Canada and Australia' and 'An Innovative Method for Preserving Privacy in Internet of Things'.
Who are the authors of the paper 'Digital Konditorei: Programmable Taste Structures using a Modular Mold' and 'Application of Linear Random Processes to Construction of Diagnostic System for Power Engineering Equipment'?
Who are the authors of the paper 'Intention to Knowledge Sharing: From Planned Behavior and Psychological Needs Perspectives' and the publication 'TEclass - a tool for automated classification of unknown eukaryotic transposable elements'?
What are the titles of the papers on Robotics image that were published in International Conference for High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage and Analysis in 1993?
In IEEE International Conference on Global Software Engineering in the year 2016, what are the titles of the research papers on Software engineering?
In Intelligent Tutoring Systems in the year 2008, who are the authors that published research papers about Reading tutors?
In Internet Res. in the year 2020, who are the authors that published research papers about User interactions?
When was the paper on Performance tools by Technische Universit\u00E4t Darmstadt, Laboratory for Parallel Programming, Darmstadt, Germany published?
In the year 2007 in International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence, who are the authors that published research papers about Network intervention?
In International Conference Information Systems Architecture and Technology in the year 2020, what are the titles of the research papers on Level extraction?
In 2014 in ISLPED, who are the authors that published papers about Silicon interposer?
When was the research paper on Expression compatibility problem by University of Bergen, Norway published?
In Telecommun. Syst. in 2017, who are the authors that published papers about Failure node?
In Softw. Eng. J. in the year 1987, what are the titles of the research papers on Engineering project?
In what year was the paper on Data analytics by City University of Hong Kong published?
In which year was the paper on Delay systems by Chinese University of Hong Kong published?
Rey Juan Carlos University published a paper on Interference constraints in what year?
Who are the authors that published research papers about Volume approximation in IEEE Trans Autom. Sci. Eng. in the year 2010?
In ICCE in 2019, what are the titles of the papers on Design methodology?
In FPS in 2012, who are the authors that published papers about Control policy enforcement managers?
In which year was the paper on History analysis by Loyola University Maryland published?
In 2010 in ISD, who are the authors that published papers about Knowledge flows?
Who are the authors that published papers about Beauty learning in CVPR Workshops in 2019?
In the year 2003 in INTERACT, who are the authors that published research papers about E-commerce?
In the year 2019 in SCCC, who are the authors that published research papers about Sound propagation modeling?
In the year 2010 in ICICA (LNCS), who are the authors that published research papers about Party password?
In CoRR in the year 2018, who are the authors that published research papers about Source file?
In the year 1994 in SIAM J. Sci. Comput., who are the authors that published research papers about Element methods?
In the year 2014 in VTS, who are the authors that published research papers about Yield variation?
Who are the authors that published research papers about Manufacturing systems in Robotica in the year 1985?
Who are the authors that published research papers about Machine modules in Int. J. Comput. Aided Eng. Technol. in the year 2011?
In EDM in 2014, who are the authors that published papers about Language tutoring sessions?
In CoRR in 2021, who are the authors that published papers about Height reconstruction?
In Designing Data Spaces in 2022, who are the authors that published papers about Data spaces?
In CSS in 2021, who are the authors that published papers about Case study?
What are the titles of the research papers on Website content that were published in Int. J. Electron. Bus. in the year 2005?
In Prax. Inf.verarb. Kommun. in the year 1997, what are the titles of the research papers on Atm-standard?
Who are the authors that published research papers about Text summarisation in MIKE in the year 2014?
Who are the authors that published papers about Information technology in Decis. Support Syst. in 1997?
In SVR in 2021, who are the authors that published papers about Literature analysis?
In 2013 in Usability Professionals, what are the titles of the papers on -strategie und?
In Sensors in the year 2021, who are the authors that published research papers about Estimation method?
In GCCE in the year 2020, what are the titles of the research papers on Model checking?
What are the titles of the research papers on Principal component analysis that were published in Complex. in the year 2021?
In 2022 in International Conference on Software Engineering, who are the authors that published papers about Learning models?
In 2017 in INDIN, what are the titles of the papers on Realtime inline?
In EuroRV\u00B3@EuroVis in the year 2018, what are the titles of the research papers on Network approach?
In 2012 in Evol. Comput., what are the titles of the papers on Search algorithms?
In Int. J. Comput. Eng. Sci. in the year 2003, what are the titles of the research papers on Ag solder?
In 2019 in Int. J. Approx. Reason., who are the authors that published papers about Time series?
In PLoS Comput. Biol. in the year 2020, what are the titles of the research papers on Prion replication?
In 2016 in SALAD@ESWC, who are the authors that published papers about Web services?
In Comput. Hum. Behav. in 2010, who are the authors that published papers about Team member?
Count the papers published by the authors of 'Proportion-based robust optimization and team orienteering problem with interval data'.
How many papers did the authors of 'Adaptive soft-switching filter for impulsive noise suppression in color images' publish in EUSIPCO?
How many publications did the authors of 'Using an Enabling Technology to Reengineer Legacy Systems' publish?
How many different affiliations do the authors of 'A Hierarchical Resource Management Scheme Enabled by the TMO Programming Scheme' have?
How many different affiliations do the authors of the paper 'Generating and recognizing free-space movements in humanoid robots' have?
How many publications did the authors of the publication 'Efficiency in decentralized oligopolistic markets' publish?
In IEEE Trans. Inf. Theory, how many papers did the authors of 'Optimal Finite-Length and Asymptotic Index Codes for Five or Fewer Receivers' publish?
How many papers did the authors of the paper 'Primal Congestion Control Algorithms for Multimedia Streams' publish?
What is the count of papers published by the authors of 'Designing Fluent Human-Robot Collaboration' in 2015?
How many papers did the authors of 'Precise area-controlled return-to-zero current steering DAC with reduced sensitivity to clock jitter' publish in 2010?
Count the papers published by the authors of 'How Much Do Platform Workers Value Reviews? An Experimental Method' in 2022.
How many publications did the authors of the publication 'A Linear Logical Framework in Hybrid (Invited Talk)' publish?
Mention the count of papers published by the authors of 'Changes of brain phosphodiesterase 4 in major depression' in NeuroImage.
How many papers did the authors of the paper 'Envy-Free Classification' publish?
Count the papers published by the authors of 'Utility Maximization in a Regime Switching Model with Convex Portfolio Constraints and Margin Requirements: Optimality Relations and Explicit Solutions' in 2015.
How many different affiliations do the authors of 'Empirical Evaluations of Active Learning Strategies in Legal Document Review' have?
Count the papers published by the authors of 'Inequality averse multi-utilitarian bargaining solutions'.
Count the papers published by the authors of 'E-books as support for emergent writing with and without adult assistance'.
How many papers did the authors of the paper 'Local Methods for Estimating PageRank Values' publish?
Count the papers published by the authors of 'Ret-GAN: Retinal Image Enhancement using Generative Adversarial Networks'.
How many different affiliations do the authors of 'Incrementally Verifiable Computation or Proofs of Knowledge Imply Time/Space Efficiency' have?
How many papers did the authors of the paper 'Learning Component Interfaces with May and Must Abstractions' publish in 2010?
How many different affiliations do the authors of 'Automatic Composition, Connectionism, and Musiconomy' have?
Count the papers published by the authors of 'Pedestrian instance segmentation with prior structure of semantic parts' in 2021.
What is the count of papers published by the authors of 'Towards individual service provisioning' in 2003?
Count the different affiliations of the authors of 'Continuing professional development by practitioner integrated learning'.
How many publications did the authors of the publication 'Fundamental Limits of Covert Packet Insertion' publish?
How many papers did the authors of the paper 'It's not just the light: understanding the factors causing situational visual impairments during mobile interaction' publish in 2018?
Count the papers published by the authors of 'Representation learning from videos in-the-wild: An object-centric approach' in 2020.
Count the papers published by the authors of 'Diffusion Maps Segmentation of Magnetic Resonance Q-Ball Imaging'.
In 2007, how many papers did the authors of 'Processing Forecasting Queries' publish?
How many publications did the authors of the publication '211 A 17GHz MDLL-based fractional-N frequency synthesizer with 14ps RMS integrated jitter and 3mW power using a 1b TDC' publish?
How many papers did the authors of 'Some New Regularity Properties for the Minimal Time Function' publish in 2006?
In Managing and Mining Graph Data, how many papers did the authors of 'Graph Reachability Queries: A Survey' publish?
How many papers did the authors of the paper 'A Perturbed Markovian process with state-dependent increments and measurement uncertainty in degradation modeling' publish in 2021?
How many papers did the authors of 'Campus Network Operation and Maintenance Management and Service Based on ITIL Service Desk' publish in 2013?
In Sensors, how many publications did the authors of the paper 'Monitoring Migraine Cycle Dynamics with an Easy-to-Use Electrophysiological Marker - A Pilot Study' publish?
How many different affiliations do the authors of 'How Do German-Spanish Bilingual Children Ask Wh-Questions in Their Two Languages?' have?
In 2021, how many papers did the authors of 'Large-Precision Homomorphic Sign Evaluation using FHEW/TFHE Bootstrapping' publish?
How many publications did the authors of the publication 'On the existence of finite-state supervisors under partial observations' publish?
Count the papers published by the authors of 'Peer-to-peer overlay topology control for mobile ad hoc networks'.
Count the papers published by the authors of 'Heterogeneous exascale supercomputing: The role of CAD in the exaFPGA project' in 2017.
What is the count of different affiliations of the authors of 'Cross-Modal Cross-Domain Moment Alignment Network for Person Search'?
How many different affiliations do the authors of the paper 'Runtime revision of sanctions in normative multi-agent systems' have?
Mention the count of papers published by the authors of 'Decision Procedures for Region Logic' in Verification, Model Checking and Abstract Interpretation.
How many different affiliations do the authors of 'Scientific Preparations for CoRe-H2O, a Dual Frequency SAR Mission for Snow and Ice Observations' have?
How many publications did the authors of the paper 'Ranking Through Clustering: An Integrated Approach to Multi-Document Summarization' publish in IEEE Trans. Speech Audio Process.?
How many publications did the authors of the paper 'Efficient TV white space database construction via spectrum sensing and spatial inference' publish in IEEE International Performance Computing and Communications Conference?
What is the count of papers published by the authors of 'Bidirectional Echo State Network-based Reservoir Computing for Cross-domain Authorship Attribution: Notebook for PAN at CLEF 2018' in 2018?
What is the count of different affiliations of the authors of 'Correcting the tracker with memories'?
Among the authors of 'ReCA: An Efficient Reconfigurable Cache Architecture for Storage Systems with Online Workload Characterization', who published their first paper?
Name the primary affiliation of most of the authors of 'Phase Aware Speech Enhancement using Realisation of Complex-valued LSTM'.
Between 'Developing women: why technology can help' and 'Navigating in a Process Landscape', which one was published first?
Name the author who published their first paper among the authors of 'Parallelizing the Smith-Waterman Algorithm Using OpenSHMEM and MPI-3 One-Sided Interfaces'.
Between 'Predictive multiple-scale lattice VQ for LSF quantization' and 'Estimating Tree Structural Parameters via Automatic Tree Segmentation From LiDAR Point Cloud Data', which one has more number of authors?
Which one has more number of co-authors, 'MIBS: A New Lightweight Block Cipher' or 'A double-loop control LED backlight driver IC for medium-sized LCDs'?
Between 'Des vigiles invisibles: les administrateursr\u00E9seaux et la s\u00E9curit\u00E9 informatique' and 'Forecasting the Consumption for Electricity in Taiwan', which paper was published earlier?
Between 'An Infrastructure Framework for Deploying Enterprise Private Cloud' and 'Discussion of cost-effective redundancy architectures', which paper was published earlier?
Find the year in which the first papers of the authors of 'Innovations in Intelligent Agents and Applications' were published.
Who has published the most papers among the authors of 'ASAP: A Chinese Review Dataset Towards Aspect Category Sentiment Analysis and Rating Prediction'?
What is the primary affiliation of most of the authors of 'Comparative Analysis of Short-range Wireless Technologies for m-Health: Newborn Monitoring Case Study'?
Mention the author who has published the most papers among the authors of 'Augmented reality authoring for artists and designers'.
Which one was published first, 'A theoretical and experimental study of fast lower bounds for the two-dimensional bin packing problem' or 'Driving by the Elderly and their Awareness of their Driving Difficulties (Hebrew)'?
In which year were the first papers of the authors of 'ReValuator - An Expert System Approach to Actuarial Valuations' published?
Which one was published first, 'The Emergence of Formal Control Specificity in Information Systems Outsourcing: A Process-View' or 'Multi-sensor data fusion for sign language recognition based on dynamic Bayesian network and convolutional neural network'?
When were the first papers of the authors of 'SEDA: Scalable Embedded Device Attestation' published?
Where are most of the authors of the paper 'Economical Delone Sets for Approximating Convex Bodies' from?
Between 'Simulating information sharing in crisis response coalitions as a minority game' and 'A clustering-based prefetching scheme on a Web cache environment', which one was published first?
Between 'A Structural Approach to Extracting Chinese Position Relations from Web Pages' and 'Video Game Acceptance: A Meta-Analysis of the Extended Technology Acceptance Model', which paper was published earlier?
Which paper was published earlier, 'An adaptive & adaptable approach to enhance web graphics accessibility for visually impaired people' or 'Contextual Proximity Based Term-Weighting for Improved Web Information Retrieval'?
Mention the author who has published the most papers among the authors of 'A framework for the fine-grained evaluation of the instantaneous expected value of soccer possessions'.
Find the year in which the first papers of the authors of 'Shape Interrogation' were published.
Mention the author who has published the most papers among the authors of 'Integrating reliability and quality of service in networks with switched virtual circuits'.
Which one has more number of co-authors, 'Mapping of the WHO-ART terminology on Snomed CT to improve grouping of related adverse drug reactions' or 'KCN: Knowledge Centric Networking'?
Among the authors of 'Representing Category and Continuum: Visualizing Thought', who published their first paper?
Name the author who has published the most papers among the authors of 'Tracking the Heritage of Genes in Evolutionary Algorithms'.
Where are most of the authors of 'Asynchronous dissipative filtering for nonlinear jumping systems subject to fading channels' from?
Between 'Optimizing OpenCL Implementation of Deep Convolutional Neural Network on FPGA' and 'Good Ethics Can Sometimes Mean Better Science: Research Ethics and the Milgram Experiments', which one has more number of authors?
Between 'Support Vector Machines for Automated Recognition of Obstructive Sleep Apnea Syndrome From ECG Recordings' and 'A Remote Compact Sensor for the Real-Time Monitoring of Human Heartbeat and Respiration Rate', which paper was published earlier?
Mention the primary affiliation of most of the authors of 'Retrospective study of deep learning to reduce noise in non-contrast head CT images'.
When were the first papers of the authors of 'PrAd: Enabling Privacy-Aware Location based Advertising' published?
Between '3D photo-crosslinking pattern scaffold for cell application by two-photon laser scanning system' and 'Opening the Digital Box for Design Work: Supporting Performative Interactions, Using Inspirational Materials and Configuring of Place', which one was published first?
Between 'Information Needs and Requirements for Decision Support in Primary Care: An Analysis of Chronic Pain Care' and 'A fast rhomb-partitioning fractal image compression method', which one has more number of authors?
Where are most of the authors of the paper 'Quantitative analysis of simulated erosion for different soils' from?
Which one has more number of authors, 'Probabilistic Exploitation of the Lucas and Kanade Smoothness Constraint' or 'Accuracy Tests and Precision Assessment of Localizing Underground Utilities Using GPR Detection'?
Where are most of the authors of the paper 'b-coloring of tight graphs' from?
Among the authors of 'Collective Sensing Platforms', who published their first paper?
Between 'Anti-Periodic Solutions for Shunting Inhibitory Cellular Neural Networks with Time-Varying Coefficients' and 'A Secure and Robust Three-Factor Based Authentication Scheme Using RSA Cryptosystem', which one was published first?
Name the author who has published the most papers among the authors of 'Design of unimanual multi-finger pie menu interaction'.
To which institution are the majority of the authors of 'Dynamic Evolution of Business Performance Management' affiliated?
To which institution are the majority of the authors of 'Simulating Vehicle Kinematics with SimVis3D and Newton' affiliated?
Among the authors of 'Development of Small Diameter Active Hose-II for Search and Life-prolongation of Victims under Debris', who published their first paper?
Between the authors of 'On the relationships between genetic algorithms and neural systems', who published their first paper?
Name the author who published their first paper among the authors of 'A Linear Time Algorithm for a Variant of the MAX CUT Problem in Series Parallel Graphs'.
Who published their first paper among the authors of 'Max-min hybrid precoder design for mmWave multi-group multicasting systems'?
Which one has more number of authors, 'RNA Gene Finding with Biased Mutation Operators' or 'A User's View of Computer Performance Evaluation'?
Which paper was published earlier, 'Audiovisual alignment in child-directed speech facilitates word learning' or 'Workshop Introduction'?
Name the author who has published the most papers among the authors of 'Parameters for Sets of Type (m, n) in Projective Planes of Prime Power Order'.
Which one has more number of authors, 'The Efficiency of a Two-Stage Reluctance Accelerator Through Pulse Shaping' or 'An Empirical Evidence of the Financial Performance of Lean Production Adoption: A Self-Organizing Neural Networks Approach'?
Between 'Optimal Ordering Policies with Stochastic Demand and Price Processes' and 'CSRP: An Enhanced Protocol for Consistent Reservation of Resources in AVB/TSN', which one has more number of authors?
